doc: add create an application page (#11905)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/developing/managing_code.rst

If you omit the ``--mr`` parameter, west defaults to ``main``.

This is the procedure used for :ref:`getting the nRF Connect SDK code <cloning_the_repositories>` when :ref:`manual_installation`.

> When you :ref:`install automatically <auto_installation>`, this is done by the Toolchain Manager in nRF Connect for Desktop when you :ref:`install the |NCS| <auto_installation_ncs_tcm>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When :ref:`installing the |NCS| <auto_installation_ncs_tcm>` using the automatic installation method, this is handled by the Toolchain Manager in nRF Connect for Desktop.
```
An alternative phrasing option since it was a bit weird to see "when you install.." twice in one sentence.

Also |NCS| was showing up literally just as "|NCS| ", but I'm not sure why since I believe that syntax is written correctly.
